<h1>Looking For Do My Homework?</h1>
We are looking for sites of the subject in which you are most versed. It will be so much easier to write. Although, with the advent of Google translator and the possibility of translating articles from English with their subsequent correction, the subject matter is of low importance. You can write about anything.
We look at which platform the site is and whether we can work with it as an editor. Most editors are simple, but there are old platforms where you need to work with codes. And so very similar to regular text editors.
We do site analytics: find out the age of the domain (the older the site, the easier it is to promote); see if he is on the black list; check the position of pages and articles; Does the site understand the page address (cnc)? Does the site have a secure https and ssl certificate (latest site requirements).
We dial the number of the future customer.
We go to him for an order for 1 year minimum.
Are you scared? In fact, my entire analysis takes no more than 5 minutes. It's all about dexterity. Now a very important point: the main thing is that you need to know how many clients in your niche a client will receive thanks to SEO articles of a copywriter. It depends on the:
<a href="https://www.essayhave.com/do-my-homework.html">Looking For Do My Homework?</a>
The region of his business (targeting). If he works only in a small city, in which there are very few requests for his services, accordingly, it is not profitable for him to pay you good money.
The demand for his services. If the service is new and is not yet in demand in the search, then here you should first promote the service itself, create demand for it. And this is brand promotion and here are other methods. Of course you can fool the owner of the site. After all, you will have low competition in the niche and, accordingly, you will quickly get articles in the TOP. But there will be little sense in their positions due to the fact that statistics show you that there are no searchers for this product in general.
Therefore, always check the search demand and competition for keywords for the body of the article and heading in services such as google adwords keys (search for keywords), choose the most profitable combinations. The lower the competition, the more likely it is to quickly get into a sickle search. Low competition does not always imply low-frequency requests. It happens that the topic has not yet burned, and you have every chance of breaking out into people. Analyze the financial capabilities of the company and the percentage of rednecks of the client. Always verify these two facts. The size of earnings depends on them. Choose reputable companies that can afford to spend money for several months in the negative invest. Do not mess with losers, they will pull you to the financial bottom, taking away your precious time at a low cost.

Read a lot. In knowledge is power. There are a lot of blogs with authors who are pros in SEO-copyright. Do not get fooled by various master classes from amateurs, and you will be happy.

<b>Copyright on a personal blog</b>
This is a very long and thorny journey. It provides for future passive income, but for such income the first 3 years you need to be a very active scribbler, optimizer, SEO, designer. But you just learn a lot:
Website creation (albeit on a template, nothing terrible and shameful)
